Today is an unusual day.
Today I lifted 550 kilos.
Breaking the world record
I don't say this to show off
But I am better than
And everyone knows that it's not easy.
As a farmer from a mountain village
There is no scientific way to train
There is no nutritional logic
I can't even get enough to eat a meal.
It's really, really hard for a farmer to get out there.
here.
The first one I want to thank
That's my coach.
It was Coach Tang who gave me the opportunity to participate in the tryouts
Without him
I could still farm in the mountains.
It was he who bet in his own name
Changed my destiny
Good boy. Good boy
Again
I would like to thank my relatives
My second life
Fourth uncle
sixth uncle
Get me out of production
Concentrate on training
It's my aunt and uncle
They went to the construction site to sell coolies to fund my family
So I can train without distractions
Insult and dislike others
What attacked me was
They stood by my side without hesitation
Oh, thank you kindly.
Finally, I would like to thank
It's my dad, Lin Jianguo.
Dad?
I Love You